README.md, before:

[![X.com](https://shields.io/badge/X.com-Follow_me-ffffff?logo=x&style=for-the-badge)](https://x.com/felixsanzm) &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; [![Patreon](https://shields.io/badge/patreon-Support_Me-f1465a?logo=patreon&style=for-the-badge)](https://www.patreon.com/felixsanz) &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; [![Ko-fi](https://shields.io/badge/ko--fi-Donate-13c3ff?logo=kofi&style=for-the-badge)](https://ko-fi.com/felixsanz)

All contributions help me dedicate even more time to this and provide me with the resources to start new projects (videos, custom AI models, ebooks, etc).

If you feel able to contribute, thank you!

# felixsanz.dev - Blog archives

Welcome to this repository.

Here you will find the **resources** associated with the content published on [felixsanz.dev](https://www.felixsanz.dev/), a personal blog dedicated to **programming** and **Artificial Intelligence**.

My motivation is to **condense knowledge to share it in a simpler way** and thus contribute as much as possible to the community.

All content is available in [english](https://www.felixsanz.dev/) and [spanish](https://www.felixsanz.dev/es).

Enjoy!

## Articles

| Date | Title | URL | Files | Cover |
|---|---|---| --- | --- |
| February 22, 2024 | Ultimate guide to optimizing Stable Diffusion XL | [Link](https://www.felixsanz.dev/articles/ultimate-guide-to-optimizing-stable-diffusion-xl) | [Link](https://github.com/felixsanz/felixsanz_dev/tree/main/articles/ultimate-guide-to-optimizing-stable-diffusion-xl) | ![Ultimate guide to optimizing Stable Diffusion XL](https://www.felixsanz.dev/images/posts/en/ultimate-guide-to-optimizing-stable-diffusion-xl/cover.jpg) |
| January 20, 2024 | PixArt-α with less than 8GB VRAM | [Link](https://www.felixsanz.dev/articles/pixart-a-with-less-than-8gb-vram) | [Link](https://github.com/felixsanz/felixsanz_dev/tree/main/articles/pixart-a-with-less-than-8gb-vram) | ![PixArt-α with less than 8GB VRAM](https://www.felixsanz.dev/images/posts/en/pixart-a-with-less-than-8gb-vram/cover.jpg) |
| January 15, 2024 | How to implement Stable Diffusion | [Link](https://www.felixsanz.dev/articles/how-to-implement-stable-diffusion) | [Link](https://github.com/felixsanz/felixsanz_dev/tree/main/articles/how-to-implement-stable-diffusion) | ![How to implement Stable Diffusion](https://www.felixsanz.dev/images/posts/en/how-to-implement-stable-diffusion/cover.jpg) |
| December 30, 2023 | NixOS made me go back to Windows | [Link](https://www.felixsanz.dev/articles/nixos-made-me-go-back-to-windows) | | ![NixOS made me go back to Windows](https://www.felixsanz.dev/images/posts/en/nixos-made-me-go-back-to-windows/cover.jpg) |
| November 20, 2023 | Compatibility between PyTorch, CUDA, and xFormers versions | [Link](https://www.felixsanz.dev/articles/compatibility-between-pytorch-cuda-and-xformers-versions) | | ![Compatibility between PyTorch, CUDA, and xFormers versions](https://www.felixsanz.dev/images/posts/en/compatibility-between-pytorch-cuda-and-xformers-versions/cover.jpg) |
| July 13, 2023 | How to create QR codes with Stable Diffusion | [Link](https://www.felixsanz.dev/articles/how-to-create-qr-codes-with-stable-diffusion) | [Link](https://github.com/felixsanz/felixsanz_dev/tree/main/articles/how-to-create-qr-codes-with-stable-diffusion) | ![How to create QR codes with Stable Diffusion](https://www.felixsanz.dev/images/posts/en/how-to-create-qr-codes-with-stable-diffusion/cover.jpg) |
| June 30, 2023 | Complete guide to samplers in Stable Diffusion | [Link](https://www.felixsanz.dev/articles/complete-guide-to-samplers-in-stable-diffusion) | | ![Complete guide to samplers in Stable Diffusion](https://www.felixsanz.dev/images/posts/en/complete-guide-to-samplers-in-stable-diffusion/cover.jpg) |
| May 8, 2023 | How Stable Diffusion works | [Link](https://www.felixsanz.dev/articles/how-stable-diffusion-works) | | ![How Stable Diffusion works](https://www.felixsanz.dev/images/posts/en/how-stable-diffusion-works/cover.jpg) |
| October 5, 2017 | Web security: HSTS | [Link](https://www.felixsanz.dev/articles/web-security-hsts) | | ![Web security: HSTS](https://www.felixsanz.dev/images/posts/en/web-security-hsts/cover.jpg) |
| October 4, 2017 | Introduction to data compression on the web | [Link](https://www.felixsanz.dev/articles/introduction-to-data-compression-on-the-web) | | ![Introduction to data compression on the web](https://www.felixsanz.dev/images/posts/en/introduction-to-data-compression-on-the-web/cover.jpg) |
| September 12, 2017 | Web security: TLS | [Link](https://www.felixsanz.dev/articles/web-security-tls) | | ![Web security: TLS](https://www.felixsanz.dev/images/posts/en/web-security-tls/cover.jpg) |
| September 5, 2017 | How the Internet works | [Link](https://www.felixsanz.dev/articles/how-the-internet-works) | | ![How the Internet works](https://www.felixsanz.dev/images/posts/en/how-the-internet-works/cover.jpg) |
| October 7, 2016 | Introduction to systemd | [Link](https://www.felixsanz.dev/articles/introduction-to-systemd) | | ![Introduction to systemd](https://www.felixsanz.dev/images/posts/en/introduction-to-systemd/cover.jpg) |
| July 2, 2016 | Introduction to iptables | [Link](https://www.felixsanz.dev/articles/introduction-to-iptables) | [Link](https://github.com/felixsanz/felixsanz_dev/tree/main/articles/introduction-to-iptables) | ![Introduction to iptables](https://www.felixsanz.dev/images/posts/en/introduction-to-iptables/cover.jpg) |
| April 9, 2015 | The new web application manifest | [Link](https://www.felixsanz.dev/articles/the-new-web-application-manifest) | | ![The new web application manifest](https://www.felixsanz.dev/images/posts/en/the-new-web-application-manifest/cover.jpg) |
| April 1, 2015 | How to choose an SSL certificate | [Link](https://www.felixsanz.dev/articles/how-to-choose-an-ssl-certificate) | | ![How to choose an SSL certificate](https://www.felixsanz.dev/images/posts/en/how-to-choose-an-ssl-certificate/cover.jpg) |
| August 18, 2014 | Semantic versioning for software libraries | [Link](https://www.felixsanz.dev/articles/semantic-versioning-for-software-libraries) | | ![Semantic versioning for software libraries](https://www.felixsanz.dev/images/posts/en/semantic-versioning-for-software-libraries/cover.jpg) |
| April 7, 2014 | How to choose the right pagination method | [Link](https://www.felixsanz.dev/articles/how-to-choose-the-right-pagination-method) | | ![How to choose the right pagination method](https://www.felixsanz.dev/images/posts/en/how-to-choose-the-right-pagination-method/cover.jpg) |

## Snippets

| Date | Title | URL | Files | Cover |
|---|---|---| --- | --- |
| June 23, 2023 | How to get dates and numbers from an HTML input | [Link](https://www.felixsanz.dev/snippets/how-to-get-dates-and-numbers-from-an-html-input) | | ![How to get dates and numbers from an HTML input](https://www.felixsanz.dev/images/snippets/en/how-to-get-dates-and-numbers-from-an-html-input/cover.jpg) |
| June 9, 2023 | Service worker to get offline mode | [Link](https://www.felixsanz.dev/snippets/service-worker-to-get-offline-mode) | [Link](https://github.com/felixsanz/felixsanz_dev/tree/main/snippets/service-worker-to-get-offline-mode) | ![Service worker to get offline mode](https://www.felixsanz.dev/images/snippets/en/service-worker-to-get-offline-mode/cover.jpg) |
| June 11, 2017 | Brief introduction to Page Visibility API | [Link](https://www.felixsanz.dev/snippets/brief-introduction-to-page-visibility-api) | | ![Brief introduction to Page Visibility API](https://www.felixsanz.dev/images/snippets/en/brief-introduction-to-page-visibility-api/cover.jpg) |
| August 20, 2014 | 7 loading animations created in CSS | [Link](https://www.felixsanz.dev/snippets/7-loading-animations-created-in-css) | | ![7 loading animations created in CSS](https://www.felixsanz.dev/images/snippets/en/7-loading-animations-created-in-css/cover.jpg) |
| August 14, 2014 | Replace Lorem Ipsum with something more modern | [Link](https://www.felixsanz.dev/snippets/replace-lorem-ipsum-with-something-more-modern) | | ![Replace Lorem Ipsum with something more modern](https://www.felixsanz.dev/images/snippets/en/replace-lorem-ipsum-with-something-more-modern/cover.jpg) |
| August 14, 2014 | How to use CSS keyframes to animate elements | [Link](https://www.felixsanz.dev/snippets/how-to-use-css-keyframes-to-animate-elements) | | ![How to use CSS keyframes to animate elements](https://www.felixsanz.dev/images/snippets/en/how-to-use-css-keyframes-to-animate-elements/cover.jpg) |
| June 16, 2014 | How to remove black bars from videos | [Link](https://www.felixsanz.dev/snippets/how-to-remove-black-bars-from-videos) | | ![How to remove black bars from videos](https://www.felixsanz.dev/images/snippets/en/how-to-remove-black-bars-from-videos/cover.jpg) |

Commit message:

feat: add scripts from SDXL-Lightning article

README.md, after:

[![X.com](https://shields.io/badge/X.com-Follow_me-ffffff?logo=x&style=for-the-badge)](https://x.com/felixsanzm) &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; [![Patreon](https://shields.io/badge/patreon-Support_Me-f1465a?logo=patreon&style=for-the-badge)](https://www.patreon.com/felixsanz) &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; [![Ko-fi](https://shields.io/badge/ko--fi-Donate-13c3ff?logo=kofi&style=for-the-badge)](https://ko-fi.com/felixsanz)

All contributions help me dedicate even more time to this and provide me with the resources to start new projects (videos, custom AI models, ebooks, etc).

If you feel able to contribute, thank you!

# felixsanz.dev - Blog archives

Welcome to this repository.

Here you will find the **resources** associated with the content published on [felixsanz.dev](https://www.felixsanz.dev/), a personal blog dedicated to **programming** and **Artificial Intelligence**.

My motivation is to **condense knowledge to share it in a simpler way** and thus contribute as much as possible to the community.

All content is available in [english](https://www.felixsanz.dev/) and [spanish](https://www.felixsanz.dev/es).

Enjoy!

## Articles

| Date | Title | URL | Files | Cover |
|---|---|---| --- | --- |
| February 28, 2024 | SDXL-Lightning: Quick look and comparison | [Link](https://www.felixsanz.dev/articles/sdxl-lightning-quick-look-and-comparison) | [Link](https://github.com/felixsanz/felixsanz_dev/tree/main/articles/sdxl-lightning-quick-look-and-comparison) | ![SDXL-Lightning: Quick look and comparison](https://www.felixsanz.dev/images/posts/en/sdxl-lightning-quick-look-and-comparison/cover.jpg) |
| February 22, 2024 | Ultimate guide to optimizing Stable Diffusion XL | [Link](https://www.felixsanz.dev/articles/ultimate-guide-to-optimizing-stable-diffusion-xl) | [Link](https://github.com/felixsanz/felixsanz_dev/tree/main/articles/ultimate-guide-to-optimizing-stable-diffusion-xl) | ![Ultimate guide to optimizing Stable Diffusion XL](https://www.felixsanz.dev/images/posts/en/ultimate-guide-to-optimizing-stable-diffusion-xl/cover.jpg) |
| January 20, 2024 | PixArt-α with less than 8GB VRAM | [Link](https://www.felixsanz.dev/articles/pixart-a-with-less-than-8gb-vram) | [Link](https://github.com/felixsanz/felixsanz_dev/tree/main/articles/pixart-a-with-less-than-8gb-vram) | ![PixArt-α with less than 8GB VRAM](https://www.felixsanz.dev/images/posts/en/pixart-a-with-less-than-8gb-vram/cover.jpg) |
| January 15, 2024 | How to implement Stable Diffusion | [Link](https://www.felixsanz.dev/articles/how-to-implement-stable-diffusion) | [Link](https://github.com/felixsanz/felixsanz_dev/tree/main/articles/how-to-implement-stable-diffusion) | ![How to implement Stable Diffusion](https://www.felixsanz.dev/images/posts/en/how-to-implement-stable-diffusion/cover.jpg) |
| December 30, 2023 | NixOS made me go back to Windows | [Link](https://www.felixsanz.dev/articles/nixos-made-me-go-back-to-windows) | | ![NixOS made me go back to Windows](https://www.felixsanz.dev/images/posts/en/nixos-made-me-go-back-to-windows/cover.jpg) |
| November 20, 2023 | Compatibility between PyTorch, CUDA, and xFormers versions | [Link](https://www.felixsanz.dev/articles/compatibility-between-pytorch-cuda-and-xformers-versions) | | ![Compatibility between PyTorch, CUDA, and xFormers versions](https://www.felixsanz.dev/images/posts/en/compatibility-between-pytorch-cuda-and-xformers-versions/cover.jpg) |
| July 13, 2023 | How to create QR codes with Stable Diffusion | [Link](https://www.felixsanz.dev/articles/how-to-create-qr-codes-with-stable-diffusion) | [Link](https://github.com/felixsanz/felixsanz_dev/tree/main/articles/how-to-create-qr-codes-with-stable-diffusion) | ![How to create QR codes with Stable Diffusion](https://www.felixsanz.dev/images/posts/en/how-to-create-qr-codes-with-stable-diffusion/cover.jpg) |
| June 30, 2023 | Complete guide to samplers in Stable Diffusion | [Link](https://www.felixsanz.dev/articles/complete-guide-to-samplers-in-stable-diffusion) | | ![Complete guide to samplers in Stable Diffusion](https://www.felixsanz.dev/images/posts/en/complete-guide-to-samplers-in-stable-diffusion/cover.jpg) |
| May 8, 2023 | How Stable Diffusion works | [Link](https://www.felixsanz.dev/articles/how-stable-diffusion-works) | | ![How Stable Diffusion works](https://www.felixsanz.dev/images/posts/en/how-stable-diffusion-works/cover.jpg) |
| October 5, 2017 | Web security: HSTS | [Link](https://www.felixsanz.dev/articles/web-security-hsts) | | ![Web security: HSTS](https://www.felixsanz.dev/images/posts/en/web-security-hsts/cover.jpg) |
| October 4, 2017 | Introduction to data compression on the web | [Link](https://www.felixsanz.dev/articles/introduction-to-data-compression-on-the-web) | | ![Introduction to data compression on the web](https://www.felixsanz.dev/images/posts/en/introduction-to-data-compression-on-the-web/cover.jpg) |
| September 12, 2017 | Web security: TLS | [Link](https://www.felixsanz.dev/articles/web-security-tls) | | ![Web security: TLS](https://www.felixsanz.dev/images/posts/en/web-security-tls/cover.jpg) |
| September 5, 2017 | How the Internet works | [Link](https://www.felixsanz.dev/articles/how-the-internet-works) | | ![How the Internet works](https://www.felixsanz.dev/images/posts/en/how-the-internet-works/cover.jpg) |
| October 7, 2016 | Introduction to systemd | [Link](https://www.felixsanz.dev/articles/introduction-to-systemd) | | ![Introduction to systemd](https://www.felixsanz.dev/images/posts/en/introduction-to-systemd/cover.jpg) |
| July 2, 2016 | Introduction to iptables | [Link](https://www.felixsanz.dev/articles/introduction-to-iptables) | [Link](https://github.com/felixsanz/felixsanz_dev/tree/main/articles/introduction-to-iptables) | ![Introduction to iptables](https://www.felixsanz.dev/images/posts/en/introduction-to-iptables/cover.jpg) |
| April 9, 2015 | The new web application manifest | [Link](https://www.felixsanz.dev/articles/the-new-web-application-manifest) | | ![The new web application manifest](https://www.felixsanz.dev/images/posts/en/the-new-web-application-manifest/cover.jpg) |
| April 1, 2015 | How to choose an SSL certificate | [Link](https://www.felixsanz.dev/articles/how-to-choose-an-ssl-certificate) | | ![How to choose an SSL certificate](https://www.felixsanz.dev/images/posts/en/how-to-choose-an-ssl-certificate/cover.jpg) |
| August 18, 2014 | Semantic versioning for software libraries | [Link](https://www.felixsanz.dev/articles/semantic-versioning-for-software-libraries) | | ![Semantic versioning for software libraries](https://www.felixsanz.dev/images/posts/en/semantic-versioning-for-software-libraries/cover.jpg) |
| April 7, 2014 | How to choose the right pagination method | [Link](https://www.felixsanz.dev/articles/how-to-choose-the-right-pagination-method) | | ![How to choose the right pagination method](https://www.felixsanz.dev/images/posts/en/how-to-choose-the-right-pagination-method/cover.jpg) |

## Snippets

| Date | Title | URL | Files | Cover |
|---|---|---| --- | --- |
| June 23, 2023 | How to get dates and numbers from an HTML input | [Link](https://www.felixsanz.dev/snippets/how-to-get-dates-and-numbers-from-an-html-input) | | ![How to get dates and numbers from an HTML input](https://www.felixsanz.dev/images/snippets/en/how-to-get-dates-and-numbers-from-an-html-input/cover.jpg) |
| June 9, 2023 | Service worker to get offline mode | [Link](https://www.felixsanz.dev/snippets/service-worker-to-get-offline-mode) | [Link](https://github.com/felixsanz/felixsanz_dev/tree/main/snippets/service-worker-to-get-offline-mode) | ![Service worker to get offline mode](https://www.felixsanz.dev/images/snippets/en/service-worker-to-get-offline-mode/cover.jpg) |
| June 11, 2017 | Brief introduction to Page Visibility API | [Link](https://www.felixsanz.dev/snippets/brief-introduction-to-page-visibility-api) | | ![Brief introduction to Page Visibility API](https://www.felixsanz.dev/images/snippets/en/brief-introduction-to-page-visibility-api/cover.jpg) |
| August 20, 2014 | 7 loading animations created in CSS | [Link](https://www.felixsanz.dev/snippets/7-loading-animations-created-in-css) | | ![7 loading animations created in CSS](https://www.felixsanz.dev/images/snippets/en/7-loading-animations-created-in-css/cover.jpg) |
| August 14, 2014 | Replace Lorem Ipsum with something more modern | [Link](https://www.felixsanz.dev/snippets/replace-lorem-ipsum-with-something-more-modern) | | ![Replace Lorem Ipsum with something more modern](https://www.felixsanz.dev/images/snippets/en/replace-lorem-ipsum-with-something-more-modern/cover.jpg) |
| August 14, 2014 | How to use CSS keyframes to animate elements | [Link](https://www.felixsanz.dev/snippets/how-to-use-css-keyframes-to-animate-elements) | | ![How to use CSS keyframes to animate elements](https://www.felixsanz.dev/images/snippets/en/how-to-use-css-keyframes-to-animate-elements/cover.jpg) |
| June 16, 2014 | How to remove black bars from videos | [Link](https://www.felixsanz.dev/snippets/how-to-remove-black-bars-from-videos) | | ![How to remove black bars from videos](https://www.felixsanz.dev/images/snippets/en/how-to-remove-black-bars-from-videos/cover.jpg) |
